ASSOCIATING TABELS WITH FOREIGN KEYS.
    using primary and foregn keys to create relations in a relational database.
relation data from one table to data from another table using foreign keys.

RELATING TABLES WITH FOREIGN KEYS.
 a representation of the one-to-many relationship is where one employee only has one manager 
 while one manager has several employees.
 we used a foreign key in the employees table to show the relation between an employee and a manager.
 with the one-to-many relationship always use the following rule

     use a foreign key on the table of the record that belongs to a record in the other table.
     take for instance we want to create a blogging domain, this domain will ahve authors who write blogs 
     an blogs will have authors 
     an author can have several posts.
     therfore for these tables we will have an author table with id, name and email columns
     while the posts table will have an id, title of the post or blog and a foreign key column with the name author_id.

Code ALONG relating CATS TO OWNERS.
we are creating an app that helps a veterinaty office amnage the pets it sees as patients and the owners of those pets.
lets say this vet is very particular and specializes in cats.
the databse will ahve two tables, cat table and owner table.
we need to relate or connect these two tables such that a given cat is associated to its owner and a given owner is associated to the cat or cats it owns.

create a database by running the following command in the terminal
    sqlite3 pets_database.db

    step 2 
    Create a table with columns id, name, age and breed.
    
    step 3
    Create the owners table.

    step 4 
    Add foreign key to the cats table.
        ALTER TABLE cats ADD COLUMN owner_id INTEGER;
        check if the foreighn key has been added to the cats table using the following command 
        .schema
    
    we can now add the owners to the owners table and asociate each cat with ites owner ,and assigning the 
    that ownes id to the cats owner_id column.

    step 5
    Associateing CATS TO Owners.
        create a new row. in the owners table.
             INSERT INTO owner(name) VALUES ("caroline");
     now lets say that caroline is the owner of boht Maru and Hana.
     this is done using the following statementst 
            UPDATE cats SET owner_id = 1 WHERE name = "Maru";
            UPDATE cats SET owner_id = 1 WHERE name = "Hana";

Which table gets a foreign Key Column?
in one to many relation the many column recieves the foreign key.
